Update otlp-exporter.md (#5063)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/languages/sdk-configuration/otlp-exporter.md

**Example:** `export OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_LOGS_TIMEOUT=500`

> ## Protocol Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Protocol configuration
```

The following environment variables configure the OTLP transport protocol

> an OTLP Exporter uses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an OTLP exporter uses.
```

> The following environment variables configure the OTLP transport protocol
> an OTLP Exporter will use HTTP or gRPC protocol to send requests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following environment variables configure the OTLP transport protocol
an OTLP Exporter uses.
```
